Add question around how UIKit handles touch events (#66)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Interview/questions.md

- Can you list some `communication patterns` used in iOS?
- What are the differences between `frame` and `bounds`?
- Is the `bounds.origin` always zero?

> - How UIKit knows which view is tapped? How would you extend the touchable area of a `UIView`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How does UIKit know which view is tapped? How would you extend the touchable area of a `UIView`?
```
